Here's how to run a Docker hello-world container in GitHub Codespaces:

```bash
# Make sure Docker is running in your codespace
docker --version

# Pull and run the hello-world container
docker run hello-world
```

When you run this, you should see output similar to:

```
Hello from Docker!
This message shows that your installation appears to be working correctly.

To generate this message, Docker took the following steps:
 1. The Docker client contacted the Docker daemon.
 2. The Docker daemon pulled the "hello-world" image from the Docker Hub.
 3. The Docker daemon created a new container from that image which runs the executable that produces the output you are currently reading.
 4. The Docker daemon streamed that output to the Docker client, which sent it to your terminal.
...
```

This confirms that Docker is properly set up in your Codespace environment. GitHub Codespaces come with Docker pre-installed, so you should be able to run Docker commands right away without additional setup.

Would you like me to explain any specific part of running Docker in Codespaces?


---

@rifaterdemsahin ➜ /workspaces/AiAgent/6_Symbols (main) $ d
ocker run hello-world
Unable to find image 'hello-world:latest' locally
latest: Pulling from library/hello-world
e6590344b1a5: Downloading     938B/2.436
e6590344b1a5: Pull complete             Digest: sha256:e0b569a5163a5e6be84e210a2587e7d447e08f87a0e90798363fa44a0464a1e8
Status: Downloaded newer image for hello-world:latest

Hello from Docker!
This message shows that your installation appears to be working correctly.

To generate this message, Docker took the following steps:
 1. The Docker client contacted the Docker daemon.
 2. The Docker daemon pulled the "hello-world" image from the Docker Hub.
    (amd64)
 3. The Docker daemon created a new container from that image which runs the
    executable that produces the output you are currently reading.
 4. The Docker daemon streamed that output to the Docker client, which sent it
    to your terminal.

To try something more ambitious, you can run an Ubuntu container with:
 $ docker run -it ubuntu bash

Share images, automate workflows, and more with a free Docker ID:
 https://hub.docker.com/

For more examples and ideas, visit:
 https://docs.docker.com/get-started/
